docs(envoy) Add documentation for life of a request in envoy (#3560)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/envoy.md

> # Life of an OSM Request

Reviewer: This should go into the osm-docs repo instead, along with the traffic management docs: https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm-docs/tree/main/content/docs/tasks_usage/traffic_management

Author: https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm-docs/pull/132

## A bit on Envoy

OSM heavily uses envoy for proxying requests, applying mTLS, and exporting statistics. Envoy itself has 5 main
configuration mechanisms for request manipulation:

* ListenerConfigs
* RouteConfigs
* EndpointConfigs
* ClusterConfigs
* SecretConfigs

### Listeners

> Envoy itself intercepts all requests by reconfiguring the IP tables on the Pod to reroute incoming and outbound traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy itself intercepts all requests by reconfiguring the [Iptables](https://linux.die.net/man/8/iptables) on the Pod to reroute incoming and outbound traffic
```

> Envoy itself intercepts all requests by reconfiguring the IP tables on the Pod to reroute incoming and outbound traffic

Reviewer 2: I see what you are saying here but I am not sure if the sentence is correct. Envoy does not configure the IP tables, OSM does that through `initcontainer`.

to the Sidecar. In OSM, incoming requests are intercepted and forwarded to port 15003, while outbound requests are
forwarded to port 15001. Each port is configured with its own listener.

In addition to the address and port to listen on, a Listener is configured with a set of `filter_chains` which dictate
what to look for and what to do with a matching request, and a `listener_filter`, which tells Envoy what data it needs
to extract from the request.

> Each Listener has a:

Reviewer 3: Not sure this sentence is needed

Each listener will have a single `filter_chain` for every service. That is, the inbound listener will have 1 filter

> chain for each service that can reference its associated Pod, and the outbound filter will have 1 filter chain for every

Reviewer: This part is not correct. Both inbound and outbound filter chains are per service per port.

Author: You're right, see that in the code now.. will fix shortly, however does that mean that there is currently a bug in naming the filterchain?
Since the name is supposed to be unique
https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/blob/123e81813a2003de07c8e3400c090bb755676a63/api/envoy/config/listener/v3/listener_components.proto#L256, yet it's scoped to the service https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/pkg/envoy/lds/inmesh.go#L312.

 not sure if this results in a bug or not but wanted to check here.

service the Pod can reach. A filter chain is comprised of 2 parts, a `filter_chain_match`, and a list of `filters`. This
gives us the following construct:

1. ListenerFilters
2. FilterChains

>     1. Filter chain matchces

Reviewer 3: just a type on matches

    2. List of filters

The main listener filter used in OSM is the "Original Destination" filter which tells the listener to pick up the

> address from a syscall (SO_ORIGINAL_DST) that gets the originally requested IP address from the socket (prior to the

Reviewer 2: nit: the syscall is `getsockopt` and the option name is `SO_ORIGINAL_DST`

IP table redirect). Otherwise, the IP used in the filter chain match would be the the redirected IP referencing the
sidecar itself.

#### Example flow

The flow of a request from `pod-1` backed by `service-a` to `service-b` is as follows:

The pod performs a DNS lookup for `service-b`, which routes to the in-cluster DNS service (typically CoreDNS or KubeDNS)
which will return the *service* ClusterIP address (we are currently ignoring the case for headless services, or

> ExternalName). This DNS request is permitted, and not redirected via the IP Tables redirects.

Reviewer 2: unrelated to the PR: @shashankram for my own curiosity is this request over tcp or udp?

Reviewer: UDP.

Next, the pod will attempt to make a request to that IP address, on that port. The IP tables are setup to redirect the
to port 15001, which the `outbound-listener` is listening on. The Listener is configured to extract the SO_ORIGINAL_DST,
and passes that through the set of filter chains, looking for the most precise match.

On a filter match, envoy will now apply that filter chain's full set of filters, 1 by 1, in order. The Filter we are

> interested in, is called the `HttpConnectionManager`, which uses rDS to pass apply a RouteConfiguration, which OSM calls

Reviewer 2: Do you think that mentioning that `HttpConnectionManager` is an http (l7) proxy filter might make this more easier to read for someone not familiar with Envoy docs?

to allow for reuse. ie: the `rds-outbound` mapping above. 

### Endpoints

The final step of the outbound flow, Envoy matches the set of endpoints based on the cluster_name, or the service_name
field set above, and routes to one of the available endpoints. For OSM, the endpoints will contain the ip + port for
every Pod backing the service.

```json
{
   "@type":"type.googleapis.com/envoy.config.endpoint.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment",
   "cluster_name": "bookwarehouse/bookwarehouse", // Name of the cluster to match, or service_name if provided.
   "endpoints":[
      {
         "locality":{
            "zone":"zone"
         },
         "lb_endpoints":[
            {
               "endpoint":{
                  "address":{
                     "socket_address":{
                        "address":"10.244.0.21", // Pod address
                        "port_value":14001
                     }
                  },
               },
               "health_status":"HEALTHY",
               "load_balancing_weight":100
            }
         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

### Secrets

> 

Reviewer: Missing?
